I would much rather come here where the line is not insanely long and still get very delicious xlb dumplings.
Been here twice already for lunch and were impressed both times. The wait is usually 15-20 mins max even during prime time on a weekend, there's an option to share table which usually will get you a seat faster too. 
Had tried the pork xlb, pork & crab xlb, fish dumpling, shrimp & pork wonton w/ spicy sauce and tomato & egg w/ noodles (in separate occasions...), all very tasty and full of flavor. The dumpling skins were thin and soft, the amount of soup inside were just right. I can probably do without the fish dumplings though, it was good to try but won't order it again. Other than that, I love this place. Price on the dishes were reasonable, service were fast and friend, I will definitely recommend anyone that likes XLB and don't want to bother waiting in line for Din Tai Fung.....,
Love this little place but it's always crowded, so go early. Great food :)
No fluff, they don't need bells and whistles - good tasting food and attentive service wins every time.
Can get a little loud when it's full, but you'll find this place isn't a secret so lots of people wanna get in on the action.,
Din Ding has been consistently serving tasty XLB every time we come here. And let's be clear, we don't really come here for the other Chinese food. The XLB is well worth the drive from San Jose alone for us. Although the wait times can be outrageous on the weekends, we always leave with full and happy bellies.,
Food: 
Crab & pork dumplings: 5/5 Delicious! Piping hot and filled with juicy meat. The crab taste is subtle and pairs well with the pork. This dish does not disappoint. 
Vegetable dumplings: 2/5 The blandest vegetables put together with no seasoning whatsoever. There seems to be water chestnuts and maybe chives inside? This dish definitely is healthy, but tasty..not so much. 
Pea sprouts: 4/5 Definitely a go-to if you want some vegetables in your meal. Can't go wrong with crunchy garlicky pea sprouts! I enjoy this dish because its not too salty and you don't need rice with it. 
Spicy tofu: 5/5 I was really impressed with this item. The spice level was just mildly hot- nothing too crazy. The tofu was cooked in this amazing spicy savory sauce served on top of a bed of crunchy soybeans. 
Potstickers: 4/5 Pan fried to a crisp, the pot stickers were filled with juicy pork inside.,
Restaurant is going to be promising when there's a line of 30 people and there's still 10 minutes before the restaurant opens.,
After trying different places in Cupertino and San Jose, I was told by multiple people that "Din Ding does it better." Whether it was Taiwanese Noodles or XLB's, supposedly this was the place to go to.
I ended up going here for both a goodbye-for-now party as well as for a belated birthday.Being a party of nine, we were able to make a reservation.Note: They only take reservations if you're a party of six or more.